Fully supports progressive JPGS and Interlaced images for 3.x (#394)
thephpleague/glide: docs/3.0/api/progressive-interlaced.md

---
layout: default
title: Progressive & Interlaced
---

## Progressive & Interlaced Images

## Interlace `interlace`

The `interlaced` parameter controls whether an image is rendered in a progressive or interlaced format. This feature enhances the loading experience of images, making them appear gradually as they are downloaded, which can improve the user experience on slower connections.

> > Caution: for GIF/PNG, it can generate a sligher larger file size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Caution: for GIF/PNG, it can generate a slightly larger file size.
```

### Supported Formats

- **JPG**: The `Interlaced` parameter applies a progressive scan to JPG images.
- **PNG** and **GIF**: The `Interlaced` parameter enables interlacing for GIF/PNG images.

> > Note: Case `ext` is set to `.pjpg`, it will automatically generate a progressive JPG image, regardless of the `interlaced` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: In case the `fm` parameter is set to `.pjpg`, it will automatically generate a progressive JPG image, regardless of the `interlaced` parameter.
```
